3. Then I heard the voices of those upon the four sides magnifying the Lord of glory.

4. The first voice blessed the Lord of spirits for ever and for ever.

5. The second voice I heard blessing the elect One, and the elect who suffer on account of the Lords of spirits.

6. The third voice I heard petitioning and praying for those who dwell upon earth, and supplicate the name of the Lord of spirits.

7. The fourth voice I heard expelling the impious angels, and prohibiting them from entering into presence of the Lord of spirits, to prefer accusations against the inhabitants of the earth.
(Enoch 40:3-7)

 Then Uriel, one of the holy angels who were with me, replied, This valley is the accursed of the accursed for ever. Here shall be collected all who utter with their mouths unbecoming language against God, and speak harsh things of His glory. Here shall they be collected. Here shall be their territory.
 (Enoch 26:2)

 3. Among these there was a tree of an unceasing smell; nor of those which were in Eden was there one of all the fragrant trees which smelt like this. Its leaf, its flower, and its bark never withered, and its fruit was beautiful.
 (Enoch 24:3)

 2. And understand with the heart. As he has created and given to men the power of comprehending the word of understanding, so has he created and given to me the power of reproving the Watchers, the offspring of heaven. I have written your petition; and in my vision it has been shown me, that what you request will not be granted you as long as the world endures.
 (Enoch 14:2)

9. Thus has the whole earth been filled with blood and with iniquity.

10. And now behold the souls of those who are dead, cry out.

11. And complain even to the gate of heaven.

12. Their groaning ascends; nor can they escape from the unrighteousness which is committed on earth. Thou knowest all things, before they exist.
(Enoch 9:9-12)

These shall make war with the Lamb, and the Lamb shall overcome them: for he is Lord of lords, and King of kings: and they that are with him are called, and chosen, and faithful.
Revelation 17:14 KJV

9 And when he had opened the fifth seal, I saw under the altar the souls of them that were slain for the word of God, and for the testimony which they held:

10 And they cried with a loud voice, saying, How long, O Lord, holy and true, dost thou not judge and avenge our blood on them that dwell on the earth?
Revelation 6:9-10

4. There I saw another vision; I saw the habitations and couches of the saints. There my eyes beheld their habitations with the angels, and their couches with the holy ones. They were entreating, supplicating, and praying for the sons of men; while righteousness like water flowed before them, and mercy like dew was scattered over the earth. And thus shall it be with them for ever and for ever.
Enoch 39:4

16 But ungodly men by their words and deeds summoned death; considering him a friend, they pined away, and they made a covenant with him, because they are fit to belong to his party.
Wisdom 1:16

13 And the sea gave up the dead which were in it; and death and hell delivered up the dead which were in them: and they were judged every man according to their works.
Revelation 20:13

`"Whoever fights monsters should see to it that
in the process he does not become a monster.
And if you gaze long enough into an abyss,
the abyss will gaze back into you."
-Friedrich Nietzsche

19 Every tree that bringeth not forth good fruit is hewn down, and cast into the fire.
Matthew 7:19

"When the axe came into the Forest,
the trees said
'The handle is one of us'"
-proverb

"I am about to take my last voyage,
a great leap in the dark"
-Thomas Hobbes

"The condition of man...
is a condition of war of everyone against everyone."
-Thomas Hobbes

8 And I looked, and behold a pale horse: and his name that sat on him was Death, and Hell followed with him. And power was given unto them over the fourth part of the earth, to kill with sword, and with hunger, and with death, and with the beasts of the earth.
Revelation 6:8

6 And in those days shall men seek death, and shall not find it; and shall desire to die, and death shall flee from them.
Revelation 9:6

"Do not act as if you were going to live ten thousand years.
Death hangs over you.
While you live, while it is in your power, be good."
-Marcus Aurelius

"Now I am become Death, the destroyer of worlds"
-Robert Oppenheimer

"Reality exists in the human mind, and nowhere else."
-George Orwell

"We are what we pretend to be,
so we must be careful about what we pretend to be."
-Kurt Vonnegut

"We must laugh at man to avoid crying for him."-Napoleon Bonaparte

I saw in the visions of my head upon my bed, and, behold, a watcher and an holy one came down from heaven;
Daniel 4:13

whispers are random lines i thought I made up/piece together from random sources that I thought sounded cool, not sure what the whispers are yet, prolly some antagonist
whispers:
    and now I am forgotten...
whispers:
    I have no one..
    but I have company in my dreams,
    I just want to dream...
    I just want to dream...
whispers:
    our memories hollow...
whispers:
    to reanimate someone...
    you must offer someone...
whispers:
    the shadows call...
    alone...
whispers:
    a key...
    a note...
    an altar to vanity...
whispers:
    within the cave of despair
whispers:
    Five of pentacles...
    Ten of swords...
    The tower...
    Eight of cups...
    The devil...
whispers:
    For ever...
    And for ever...

16 And the altar shall be twelve cubits long, twelve broad, square in the four squares thereof.
Ezekiel 43:16